[SAASINT-3497] DDSaaS: Tenable.io: Crawler Integration v1.0.0 (#19304)
DataDog/integrations-core: tenable_io/README.md

## Overview

[Tenable.io][1] is the cloud platform that provides a rich capability for discovery, assessment, reporting, and prioritization of vulnerabilities across systems and services. It enhances visibility with asset discovery and helps organizations manage their security posture effectively.

The Tenable.io integration collects the following types of logs:

- **Activity**: This endpoint contains information of user actions, system events, scans, and security control tasks, such as managing permissions, assigning roles, and handling security events.

> - **Vulnerability**: This endpoint contains information of vulnerabilities and the associated vulnerable assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Vulnerability**: This endpoint contains information on vulnerabilities and the associated vulnerable assets.
```

Author: Updated the PR

This integration collects logs from the sources listed above and sends them to Datadog.

## Setup

### Generate API credentials in Tenable.io

> 1. Log into your [Tenable.io][4] account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to your [Tenable.io][4] account.
```

Author: Updated the PR

> 2. Click profile icon and select **My Profile**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click the profile icon and select **My Profile**.
```

Author: Updated the PR

> 3. Go to the **API Keys** option in the navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Navigate to the **API Keys** section.
```

Author: Updated the PR

> 4. Click **Generate** button in the bottom right corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click the **Generate** button in the lower right-corner of the page.
```

> 5. Review the message in the warning dialog box and click **Continue**.
> 6. The **access Key** and **secret Key** will be generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Review the message in the warning dialog box and click **Continue** to generate the **access Key** and **secret Key**.
```

Author: Updated the PR

### Connect your Tenable.io account to Datadog

1. Add your access key and secret key
    |Parameters|Description|
    |--------------------|--------------------|

>     |Access Key|The access key of Tenable.io account.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    |Access Key|The access key for your Tenable.io account.|
```

Author: Updated the PR

>     |Secret Key|The secret key of Tenable.io account.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    |Secret Key|The secret key for your Tenable.io account.|
```

Author: Updated the PR
